the sons of Levi were Gershon Kohath and
the sons of Levi were Gershon Kohath and Merari the sons of Kohath we're Amram is
Merari the sons of Kohath we're Amram is
Merari the sons of Kohath we're Amram is ha Hebron and Ezio the children of amram
ha Hebron and Ezio the children of amram
ha Hebron and Ezio the children of amram were Aaron Moses and Miriam and the sons
were Aaron Moses and Miriam and the sons
were Aaron Moses and Miriam and the sons of Aaron when a dad a by Hugh Eleazar
of Aaron when a dad a by Hugh Eleazar
of Aaron when a dad a by Hugh Eleazar and Ithamar eleazar begat phineas and
and Ithamar eleazar begat phineas and
and Ithamar eleazar begat phineas and phineas forgot abba schewe abba schewe
phineas forgot abba schewe abba schewe
phineas forgot abba schewe abba schewe begat Buckeye and Buckeye begat as I as
begat Buckeye and Buckeye begat as I as
begat Buckeye and Buckeye begat as I as I began to zero high and Zura higher
I began to zero high and Zura higher
I began to zero high and Zura higher begat Mariah Mariah forgot a Mariah and
begat Mariah Mariah forgot a Mariah and
begat Mariah Mariah forgot a Mariah and a Mariah begat a high tub a heightened
a Mariah begat a high tub a heightened
a Mariah begat a high tub a heightened begat sadoc and sadoc begat a him 'as a
begat sadoc and sadoc begat a him 'as a
begat sadoc and sadoc begat a him 'as a hammer as begat Azariah and Azariah
hammer as begat Azariah and Azariah
hammer as begat Azariah and Azariah begat Johanna Johanna n-- forgot as
begat Johanna Johanna n-- forgot as
begat Johanna Johanna n-- forgot as arrived it was he who ministered as
arrived it was he who ministered as
arrived it was he who ministered as priest in the temple that Solomon built
priest in the temple that Solomon built
priest in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem
in Jerusalem
in Jerusalem Azariah begat Amara and a Mariah forgot
Azariah begat Amara and a Mariah forgot
Azariah begat Amara and a Mariah forgot a height of a high tub begat sadoc and
a height of a high tub begat sadoc and
a height of a high tub begat sadoc and sadoc begat Shalem Shalem begat Hill
sadoc begat Shalem Shalem begat Hill
sadoc begat Shalem Shalem begat Hill kaya and Hill Kyra forgot Azariah
kaya and Hill Kyra forgot Azariah
kaya and Hill Kyra forgot Azariah Azariah forgot Sariah and suryya
Azariah forgot Sariah and suryya
Azariah forgot Sariah and suryya bhagatji huzzah duck jaha's ER doc went
bhagatji huzzah duck jaha's ER doc went
bhagatji huzzah duck jaha's ER doc went into captivity when the Lord carried
into captivity when the Lord carried
into captivity when the Lord carried Judah and Jerusalem into captivity by
Judah and Jerusalem into captivity by
Judah and Jerusalem into captivity by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the sons of
the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the sons of
the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the sons of Levi were Gershon Kohath and Merari
Levi were Gershon Kohath and Merari
Levi were Gershon Kohath and Merari these are the names of the sons of
these are the names of the sons of
these are the names of the sons of Gershon Lib Nye and shimmy I
Gershon Lib Nye and shimmy I
Gershon Lib Nye and shimmy I the sons of Kohath were Amram is her
the sons of Kohath were Amram is her
the sons of Kohath were Amram is her Hebron and Ezio the sons of near a rye
Hebron and Ezio the sons of near a rye
Hebron and Ezio the sons of near a rye were male and Miuccia now these are the
were male and Miuccia now these are the
were male and Miuccia now these are the families of the Levites according to
families of the Levites according to
families of the Levites according to their fathers of Gershon were Lib nie
their fathers of Gershon were Lib nie
their fathers of Gershon were Lib nie his son Jay hath his son Zimmer his son
his son Jay hath his son Zimmer his son
his son Jay hath his son Zimmer his son joah his son Edo his son Zira his son
joah his son Edo his son Zira his son
joah his son Edo his son Zira his son and Jala his son the sons of Kohath were
and Jala his son the sons of Kohath were
and Jala his son the sons of Kohath were an inner dad his son Cora his son aza
an inner dad his son Cora his son aza
an inner dad his son Cora his son aza his son Elkanah his son a bias F his son
his son Elkanah his son a bias F his son
his son Elkanah his son a bias F his son as a his son taketh his son Uriel his
as a his son taketh his son Uriel his
as a his son taketh his son Uriel his son Isaiah his son and shaul his son the
son Isaiah his son and shaul his son the
son Isaiah his son and shaul his son the sons of Elkanah were a messiah and a
sons of Elkanah were a messiah and a
sons of Elkanah were a messiah and a hymen
hymen
hymen as for Elkanah the sons of Elkanah was
as for Elkanah the sons of Elkanah was
as for Elkanah the sons of Elkanah was Oh fie his son nay hath his son a liar
Oh fie his son nay hath his son a liar
Oh fie his son nay hath his son a liar his son Jerome his son and elkanah his
his son Jerome his son and elkanah his
his son Jerome his son and elkanah his son the sons of Samuel were joelle the
son the sons of Samuel were joelle the
son the sons of Samuel were joelle the firstborn and Abijah the second the sons
firstborn and Abijah the second the sons
firstborn and Abijah the second the sons of near a rye worm alli libb nye his son
of near a rye worm alli libb nye his son
of near a rye worm alli libb nye his son Shem III his son aza his son Shem iya
Shem III his son aza his son Shem iya
Shem III his son aza his son Shem iya his son a guy his son and Isaiah his son
his son a guy his son and Isaiah his son
his son a guy his son and Isaiah his son now these are the men whom David
now these are the men whom David
now these are the men whom David appointed over the service of sod in the
appointed over the service of sod in the
appointed over the service of sod in the house of the Lord after the ark came to
house of the Lord after the ark came to
house of the Lord after the ark came to rest they were ministering with music
rest they were ministering with music
rest they were ministering with music before the dwelling place of the
before the dwelling place of the
before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of meeting until Solomon had
tabernacle of meeting until Solomon had
tabernacle of meeting until Solomon had built the house of the Lord in Jerusalem
built the house of the Lord in Jerusalem
built the house of the Lord in Jerusalem and they served in their office
and they served in their office
and they served in their office according to their order and these are
according to their order and these are
according to their order and these are the ones whom in
the ones whom in
the ones whom in with their sons of the sons of the
with their sons of the sons of the
with their sons of the sons of the kohathites were Heymann the singer the
kohathites were Heymann the singer the
kohathites were Heymann the singer the son of Joel the son of Samuel the son of
son of Joel the son of Samuel the son of
son of Joel the son of Samuel the son of Elkanah the son of judah the son of
Elkanah the son of judah the son of
Elkanah the son of judah the son of Alaia the son of tor the son of zuf the
Alaia the son of tor the son of zuf the
Alaia the son of tor the son of zuf the son of Elkanah the son of me hath the
son of Elkanah the son of me hath the
son of Elkanah the son of me hath the son of a messiah the son of Elkanah the
son of a messiah the son of Elkanah the
son of a messiah the son of Elkanah the son of joelle the son of Azariah the son
son of joelle the son of Azariah the son
son of joelle the son of Azariah the son of Zephaniah the son of taketh the son
of Zephaniah the son of taketh the son
of Zephaniah the son of taketh the son of oz'
of oz'
of oz' the son of a by joseph the son of Kota
the son of a by joseph the son of Kota
the son of a by joseph the son of Kota the son of is ah the son of Kohath the
the son of is ah the son of Kohath the
the son of is ah the son of Kohath the son of levi the son of israel and his
son of levi the son of israel and his
son of levi the son of israel and his brother
brother
brother Asaph who stood at his right hand was
Asaph who stood at his right hand was
Asaph who stood at his right hand was Asaph the son of berechiah the son of
Asaph the son of berechiah the son of
Asaph the son of berechiah the son of shamea the son of Michael the son of BAE
shamea the son of Michael the son of BAE
shamea the son of Michael the son of BAE Asiya the son of melchi the son of Ethne
Asiya the son of melchi the son of Ethne
Asiya the son of melchi the son of Ethne the son of Zera the son of adaiah the
the son of Zera the son of adaiah the
the son of Zera the son of adaiah the son of Ethan the son of Zimmer the son
son of Ethan the son of Zimmer the son
son of Ethan the son of Zimmer the son of shamea the son of jr. the son of
of shamea the son of jr. the son of
of shamea the son of jr. the son of Gershon the son of levi their brethren
Gershon the son of levi their brethren
Gershon the son of levi their brethren the sons of Merari on the left hand were
the sons of Merari on the left hand were
the sons of Merari on the left hand were even the son of keisha
even the son of keisha
even the son of keisha the son of ab day the son of Mallik the
the son of ab day the son of Mallik the
the son of ab day the son of Mallik the son of hash abaya the son of a messiah
son of hash abaya the son of a messiah
son of hash abaya the son of a messiah the son of Hilkiah the son of Em's I the
the son of Hilkiah the son of Em's I the
the son of Hilkiah the son of Em's I the son of Boehner the son of Shaima the son
son of Boehner the son of Shaima the son
son of Boehner the son of Shaima the son of male the son of Musa the son of mir a
of male the son of Musa the son of mir a
of male the son of Musa the son of mir a ride the son of lever and their brethren
ride the son of lever and their brethren
ride the son of lever and their brethren the Levites were appointed to every kind
the Levites were appointed to every kind
the Levites were appointed to every kind of service of the tabernacle of the
of service of the tabernacle of the
of service of the tabernacle of the house of God
house of God
house of God but Aaron and his sons offered
but Aaron and his sons offered
but Aaron and his sons offered sacrifices on the altar of
sacrifices on the altar of
sacrifices on the altar of burnt-offering and on the altar of
burnt-offering and on the altar of
burnt-offering and on the altar of incense for all the work of the most
incense for all the work of the most
incense for all the work of the most holy place and to make atonement for
holy place and to make atonement for
holy place and to make atonement for Israel according to all that Moses the
Israel according to all that Moses the
Israel according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded now these
servant of God had commanded now these
servant of God had commanded now these are the sons of Aaron Eleazar his son
are the sons of Aaron Eleazar his son
are the sons of Aaron Eleazar his son phineas his son an issuer his son Baca
phineas his son an issuer his son Baca
phineas his son an issuer his son Baca his son as I his son Zara haya his son
his son as I his son Zara haya his son
his son as I his son Zara haya his son Maria his son a Moriah his son a height
Maria his son a Moriah his son a height
Maria his son a Moriah his son a height of his son
of his son
of his son Zadok his son and a him as his son now
Zadok his son and a him as his son now
Zadok his son and a him as his son now these are their dwelling places
these are their dwelling places
these are their dwelling places throughout their settlements in their
throughout their settlements in their
throughout their settlements in their territory for they were given by lot to
territory for they were given by lot to
territory for they were given by lot to the sons of Aaron of the family of the
the sons of Aaron of the family of the
the sons of Aaron of the family of the kohathites they gave them Hebron in the
kohathites they gave them Hebron in the
kohathites they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah with its surrounding
land of Judah with its surrounding
land of Judah with its surrounding common lands but the fields of the city
common lands but the fields of the city
common lands but the fields of the city and its villages they gave to Caleb the
and its villages they gave to Caleb the
and its villages they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh and to the sons of
son of Jephunneh and to the sons of
son of Jephunneh and to the sons of Aaron they gave one of the cities of
Aaron they gave one of the cities of
Aaron they gave one of the cities of refuge Hebron also Lebanon with its
refuge Hebron also Lebanon with its
refuge Hebron also Lebanon with its common lands Chatta
common lands Chatta
common lands Chatta Ishta ma with its common lands Hyland
Ishta ma with its common lands Hyland
Ishta ma with its common lands Hyland with its common lands diba with its
with its common lands diba with its
with its common lands diba with its common lands Haitian with its common
common lands Haitian with its common
common lands Haitian with its common lands and beth-shemesh with its common
lands and beth-shemesh with its common
lands and beth-shemesh with its common lands and from the tribe of Benjamin
lands and from the tribe of Benjamin
lands and from the tribe of Benjamin giba with its common lands lmf with its
giba with its common lands lmf with its
giba with its common lands lmf with its common lands and Anathoth with its
common lands and Anathoth with its
common lands and Anathoth with its common lands all their cities among
common lands all their cities among
common lands all their cities among their families were 13 to the rest of
their families were 13 to the rest of
their families were 13 to the rest of the family of the tribe of the
the family of the tribe of the
the family of the tribe of the kohathites they gave by lot ten cities
kohathites they gave by lot ten cities
kohathites they gave by lot ten cities from half the tribe of manasseh and to
from half the tribe of manasseh and to
from half the tribe of manasseh and to the sons of Gershon throughout their
the sons of Gershon throughout their
the sons of Gershon throughout their families they gave 13 cities from the
families they gave 13 cities from the
families they gave 13 cities from the tribe of Issachar and the tribe of Asher
tribe of Issachar and the tribe of Asher
tribe of Issachar and the tribe of Asher from the tribe of Naphtali and from the
from the tribe of Naphtali and from the
from the tribe of Naphtali and from the tribe of manasseh in Batian to the sons
tribe of manasseh in Batian to the sons
tribe of manasseh in Batian to the sons of Merari throughout their families they
of Merari throughout their families they
of Merari throughout their families they gave 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben
gave 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben
gave 12 cities from the tribe of Reuben from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe
from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe
from the tribe of GAD and from the tribe of Zebulun so the children of Israel
of Zebulun so the children of Israel
of Zebulun so the children of Israel gave these cities were their common
gave these cities were their common
gave these cities were their common lands to the Levites and they gave by
lands to the Levites and they gave by
lands to the Levites and they gave by lot from the tribe of the children of
lot from the tribe of the children of
lot from the tribe of the children of Judah from the tribe of the children of
Judah from the tribe of the children of
Judah from the tribe of the children of Simeon and from the tribe of the
Simeon and from the tribe of the
Simeon and from the tribe of the children of Benjamin these cities which
children of Benjamin these cities which
children of Benjamin these cities which are called by their names now some of
are called by their names now some of
are called by their names now some of the families of the sons of Kohath were
the families of the sons of Kohath were
the families of the sons of Kohath were given cities as their territory from the
given cities as their territory from the
given cities as their territory from the tribe of ephraim and they gave them one
tribe of ephraim and they gave them one
tribe of ephraim and they gave them one of the cities of refuge Shechem with its
of the cities of refuge Shechem with its
of the cities of refuge Shechem with its common lands in the mountains of Ephraim
common lands in the mountains of Ephraim
common lands in the mountains of Ephraim also Geezer with its common lands Jack
also Geezer with its common lands Jack
also Geezer with its common lands Jack Neum with its common lands beth horon
Neum with its common lands beth horon
Neum with its common lands beth horon with its common lands agilent with its
with its common lands agilent with its
with its common lands agilent with its common lands and Geth with its
common lands and Geth with its
common lands and Geth with its common lands and from the half tribe of
common lands and from the half tribe of
common lands and from the half tribe of manasseh aina with its common lands and
manasseh aina with its common lands and
manasseh aina with its common lands and billion with its common lands for the
billion with its common lands for the
billion with its common lands for the rest of the family of the sons of Kohath
rest of the family of the sons of Kohath
rest of the family of the sons of Kohath from the family of the half tribe of
from the family of the half tribe of
from the family of the half tribe of manasseh the sons of Gershon were given
manasseh the sons of Gershon were given
manasseh the sons of Gershon were given colon impatiens with its common lands
colon impatiens with its common lands
colon impatiens with its common lands and Ashtaroth with its common land
and Ashtaroth with its common land
and Ashtaroth with its common land and from the tribe of Issachar Kadesh
and from the tribe of Issachar Kadesh
and from the tribe of Issachar Kadesh with its common lands deborah with its
with its common lands deborah with its
with its common lands deborah with its common lands ramoth with its common
common lands ramoth with its common
common lands ramoth with its common lands and amon with its common lands and
lands and amon with its common lands and
lands and amon with its common lands and from the tribe of Asher nation with its
from the tribe of Asher nation with its
from the tribe of Asher nation with its common lands abdun with its common lands
common lands abdun with its common lands
common lands abdun with its common lands Hugh cack with its common lands and
Hugh cack with its common lands and
Hugh cack with its common lands and Rehab with its common lands and from the
Rehab with its common lands and from the
Rehab with its common lands and from the tribe of Naphtali Kadesh in Galilee with
tribe of Naphtali Kadesh in Galilee with
tribe of Naphtali Kadesh in Galilee with its common lands common with its common
its common lands common with its common
its common lands common with its common lands and Kyra Theron with its common
lands and Kyra Theron with its common
lands and Kyra Theron with its common lands from the tribe of Zebulun the rest
lands from the tribe of Zebulun the rest
lands from the tribe of Zebulun the rest of the children of mere a ride were
of the children of mere a ride were
of the children of mere a ride were given women with its common lands and
given women with its common lands and
given women with its common lands and table with its common lands and on the
table with its common lands and on the
table with its common lands and on the other side of the Jordan across from
other side of the Jordan across from
other side of the Jordan across from Jericho on the east side of the Jordan
Jericho on the east side of the Jordan
Jericho on the east side of the Jordan they were given from the tribe of Reuben
they were given from the tribe of Reuben
they were given from the tribe of Reuben Pisa in the wilderness with its common
Pisa in the wilderness with its common
Pisa in the wilderness with its common lands jazz' with its common lands
lands jazz' with its common lands
lands jazz' with its common lands karimov with its common lands and may
karimov with its common lands and may
karimov with its common lands and may faith with its common lands and from the
faith with its common lands and from the
faith with its common lands and from the tribe of GAD ramoth in Gilead with its
tribe of GAD ramoth in Gilead with its
tribe of GAD ramoth in Gilead with its common lands Mayer name with its common
common lands Mayer name with its common
common lands Mayer name with its common lands heshbon with its common lands and
lands heshbon with its common lands and
lands heshbon with its common lands and jeiza with its common lands